What would you do if your apartment was one room bigger than it used to be? Mark is living that exact problem right now.

He moved into a small one bedroom in November. Nothing special. Kitchen, bath, bedroom, living room, and a short hallway with a closet at the end. He has walked that hallway, by his own count, more than a thousand times. He knows every floorboard creak.

Last Tuesday he comes home from work. Same as always. Drops his bag by the door. Kicks his shoes off. Walks down the hallway to put his coat in the closet. Except the closet is gone. In its place is a door. A heavy white paneled door with a brass handle. It looks like it has been there since the building was built. The wood matches the rest of the apartment perfectly.

He stands there for fifteen minutes. Just staring. He walks back to the front door. Walks forward again. Same door. He pulls up the floor plan in his lease. The hallway should be five feet long. He gets a tape measure. It is now eleven feet long. Six extra feet of apartment that were not there yesterday.

He tries the handle. Locked. He checks his keychain. There are four keys. Front door. Mailbox. Laundry. And a fourth key. Smaller. Older. Brass like the handle. He has no memory of the landlord ever giving him this key.

He calls the landlord. No answer. He calls the building manager. Voicemail. He knocks on his neighbor's door. The woman next door has lived in the building for twenty years. Mark asks her, has your apartment ever, you know, grown? The neighbor stares at him for a long time. And then says, quote, you found the door. She closes her door without another word.

Mark went back to his apartment. Put a chair in front of the door. Pushed his dresser against the chair. Slept on the couch. He says he hears something on the other side of the door at night. Not knocking. Breathing. Slow. Patient. Like whatever is in there has all the time in the world.

He posted last night asking for advice. Some commenters said burn the key. Some said try the key. One person, claiming to live in the same building, replied in all caps, do not open it. They never replied again.

Mark says he's going to wait until morning to decide. Some of us in the comments don't think he has until morning. We'll know when he updates. If he updates. Subscribe so you don't miss part two.
